test |test| A. noun ① (examination, trial) 试验 shìyàn to carry out or conduct or run or do a test 进行试验 a nuclear/lie-detector/personality/means test 核试验/测谎/人格测验/经济情况调查 a test of strength/their love/the vehicle's reliability 对力量的测验/对他们爱情的考验/车辆安全性试验 a field/laboratory test 现场/实验室试验 to subject [somebody]/[something] to a test 使某人/某物经受测验 to put [somebody]/[something] to the test 使某人/某物接受考验 to stand the test of time 经得起时间的考验 ② (evaluation of knowledge, skill) 测验 cèyàn an intelligence/IQ/aptitude test 智力/智商/能力倾向测验 a test in or on arithmetic/irregular verbs 算术/不规则动词测验 an oral/aural test 口语/听力测验 to take a test 参加测验 to fail/pass a test 测试不及格/及格 to set or give a test 举行测验 to mark or correct a test 批考卷 ③ (medical examination) (of fluids) 化验 huàyàn (of organ) 检查 jiǎnchá to send samples to the laboratory for tests 把样本送到实验室化验 a blood/urine/saliva test 验血/验尿/唾液检查 a negative/positive test 阴性/阳性检验 ④ (means of examining) 测试方法 cèshì fāngfǎ (procedure for examining) 测试过程 cèshì guòchéng to devise a test 设计一个测试 B. transitive verb ① (check) 检测 jiǎncè to have one's eyesight tested 检查视力 to test [somebody]/[something] for [something] 为某事物检测某人/某物 applicants are tested for AIDS 申请者接受了艾滋病检查 to test [something] on [somebody]/[something] 在某人/某物上检测某物 doctors tested the vaccine on volunteers 医生对志愿者进行了疫苗试种 to test [something] for faults 对某物做故障检测 to test the water figurative试探反应 ② (examine) 测验 cèyàn she tested the whole class on or in irregular verbs 她对全班进行了不规则动词的测验 ③ (strain, tax) 考验 kǎoyàn the climb tested our strength and endurance 登山考验了我们的力气和耐力 your behaviour is testing my patience 你的行为让我难以忍受 to test [something] to the limit 最大限度地考验某物 C. intransitive verb 检测 jiǎncè to test for air and water pollution 检测空气和水污染 to test negative/positive 化验呈阴性/阳性 sugar content tested low 检测出来的含糖量很低

翻译 fānyì A. 动词 translate 口头翻译 oral interpretation 诗歌不容易翻译。 Poetry doesn’t translate easily. 他不懂英语，得靠女儿为他翻译。 He doesn’t speak English, and relies on his daughter to interpret for him. B. 名词 translator 担任翻译 act as interpreter 高级翻译 senior interpreter/translator 英语翻译 English interpreter 

go |gəʊ| A. intransitive verb(3rd person singular present goes, past tense went, past participle gone) ① (move, travel) 去 qù to go for a walk/drink 去散步/喝酒 to go swimming/running 去游泳/跑步 to go to/for the doctor 去看/请医生 she has gone to China 她去中国了 we went economy class 我们是乘坐经济舱去的 to go on holiday British 去度假 to go to [somebody] for [something] 为某事物去某人处 she went to fetch them 她去接他们了 go and see if the bus has arrived 去看看公交车来了没有 go ask your mom American colloquial去问你妈 we went in jeans 我们是穿牛仔裤去的 where do we go from here? figurative我们该往哪走？ she knows where she's going figurative她有明确的人生目标 this must go no further 这件事一定得保密 to go to it British colloquial动手 100 mph is really going some! colloquial100英里的时速真叫快啊！ who goes there? Military什么人？ to go missing 丢失 diūshī ② to go to [something] (attend, join) 进入某处 jìnrù mǒu chù to go to school/church 上学/去教堂 shàngxué/qù jiàotáng to go on the stage 成为演员 chéngwéi yǎnyuán to go to work 上班 shàngbān ③ (become, turn) 变得 biàn de to go bankrupt 破产 my hair went grey 我的头发变得花白了 to go bad 变坏 biànhuài ④ (perform action) 移动 yídòng the car went skidding off the road 汽车打滑偏离了公路 the rabbit went hopping across the field 野兔蹦跳着穿过田野 she went like this with her fingers 她这样动了动她的手指 ⑤ (be conveyed) 被传递 bèi chuándì it can't go by post 这个不能邮寄 their proposal will go before the board 他们的建议将提交给董事会 ⑥ (depart) 离开 líkāi we must go, we must be going 我们必须走了 the last train goes at midnight 最后一班火车午夜12点开出 the boss will be sorry to see you go 老板看到你离开会感到遗憾的 two hot dogs to go American 两份热狗，带走 ⑦ (be destined, be about to) to be going to do [something] 将要做某事 jiāng yào zuò mǒu shì I'm going to be sick! 我要吐了！ wǒ yào tù le ！ is it going to snow? 要下雪了吗？ yào xiàxuěle ma ？ this peace is not going to last 这种和平不会维持下去的 ⑧ (intend to) to be going to do [something] 打算做某事 dǎsuàn zuò mǒu shì I was just going to phone you 我正要给你打电话呢 I'm not going to hurt you 我不想伤害你 wǒ bù xiǎng shānghài nǐ I'm not going to be treated like that! 我不会容忍别人那么对待我的！ ⑨ (when giving sth. wanted) there you go 给 gěi two sandwiches — there you go! 来两份三明治──给！ ⑩ (showing confirmation, triumph, or resignation) there you go 怎么样 zěnmeyàng there you go, I told you he would come back 怎么样，我告诉过你他会回来的 ⑪ (disappear) 消失 xiāoshī (get lost) 丢失 diūshī (be used up) 用完 yòngwán summer is going 夏天快过去了 my bike went from outside the house 我的自行车在屋外丢了 there or bang goes our chance of winning first prize! colloquial我们赢得头奖的机会告吹了！ ⑫ (be spent) «money» 花掉 huādiào ; «aid, tax» 耗费 hàofèi I don't know where my salary goes (to)! 我不知道我的工资花到哪里去了！ ⑬ (elapse) «time, days, hours» 流逝 liúshì the hours went slowly 时间过得很慢 there are only three days to go before Christmas 离圣诞节只有三天了 ⑭ (be got rid of) «person» 被辞退 bèi cítuì ; «animal, object» 被丢弃 bèi diūqì ; «building» 被拆除 bèi chāichú he'll have to go 他必须辞职 that lampshade has to go 那个灯罩一定得扔掉 six down and four to go 处理完了6个，还有4个要处理 ⑮ (be sold) 被出售 bèi chūshòu (be let) 被出租 bèi chūzū it was going cheap 价格很便宜 the house went to the highest bidder 房子卖给了出价最高的人 going, going, gone! (at auction) 一次，两次，成交！ I'm sorry, the room has gone 对不起，房间租出去了 ⑯ (become impaired) «hearing, sight, strength» 受损 shòusǔn his hearing/eyesight is starting to go 他的听力/视力开始衰退 my voice has gone 我说不出话了 his health/mind is going 他的身体每况愈下/他越来越糊涂了 ⑰ (stop working or being intact) «support, roof» 塌落 tāluò ; «garment, machine, appliance» 损坏 sǔnhuài ; «cable» 断掉 duàndiào the brakes went 刹车失灵了 my legs went from under me 我没站稳摔倒了 the battery's going 蓄电池快用完了 this jacket has gone at the elbows 这件短外套肘部磨破了 there goes another button! 又掉了一颗扣子！ ⑱ (progress) 进行 jìnxíng (happen) 发生 fāshēng how's it going?, how are things going?, how goes it? 情况如何？ the evening went very well 晚会进行得很顺利 what goes? American 出什么事了？ the way things are going, ... 看样子… he has something going with one of his students 他和他的一个学生有点关系暧昧 to make the party go well 把聚会办得成功 ⑲ colloquial(proceed recklessly, thoughtlessly, surprisingly) [表示强调] 竟然做 jìngrán zuò now you've gone and done it! 你竟然干出这种事！ he only went and won the competition! 他就那样赢得了比赛！ ⑳ (take one's turn) 轮到 lúndào you go first 你先来 whose turn is it to go? (in game) 轮到谁了？ ㉑ (extend) 延伸 yánshēn the roots of the tree go very deep 这棵树的根扎得很深 this door/corridor goes to the kitchen 这扇门/这个走廊通往厨房 volume 3 goes from M to R 第3卷收录的是M字头到R字头的词条 it's true as far as it goes 这还算真实 these habits go very deep 这些习惯根深蒂固 a leg of lamb doesn't go very far among twelve people 一条羊腿不太够12个人吃 money does not go very far nowadays 如今钱不太经用 this goes a long way towards explaining his attitude 这能很好地解释他的态度 to go one better (than [somebody]) （比某人）略胜一筹 ㉒ (move towards certain point) 达到 dádào the boy will go far 那个男孩会有出息的 to go too far to back out 陷得太深，没法退出 I would even go as or so far as to say that ... 我甚至想说… to go further and admit that ... 进而承认… ㉓ (be bequeathed) 被遗赠 bèi yízèng to go to [somebody]/[something] 由…继承 ‹heir›被捐赠给 bèi juānzèng gěi ‹charity›the house will go to his daughters 这所房子将留给他的女儿们 ㉔ (be given) 给予 jǐyǔ the judgement went in his favour 裁决对他有利 most of the credit should go to the designer 大部分功劳应该归设计者 the job went to a small builder 这活儿给了一家小建筑公司 ㉕ (move about) 移动 yídòng (live) 过活 guòhuó to go naked/armed 光着身子/带着武器 to go in fear of one's life 总为性命担忧 ㉖ (be on average) 一般而言 yībān ér yán he's not bad, as boys go 和一般男孩子相比，他并不坏 as things go 就一般情形而言 ㉗ (start) to get going on or with [something] 开始做某事 kāishǐ zuò mǒu shì here goes!, here we go! colloquial开始！ kāishǐ ！ there he goes again! 他又来了！ tā yòu lái le ！ ready, steady, go! Sport各就位，预备，跑！ gè jiùwèi ， yùbèi ， pǎo ！ from the word go 从一开始 cóng yīkāishǐ ㉘ (operate, function) 运转 yùnzhuǎn to set or get [something] going 使某物运转起来 to keep [somebody]/[something] going 使某人坚持下去/让某事继续下去 the engine won't go 引擎坏了 ㉙ (sound) «bell, clock» 响起 xiǎngqǐ the alarm went at 6 6点钟闹钟铃响了 ㉚ (continue, last) 持续 chíxù this strike's already been going too long 这次罢工持续时间太长了 we can go days without seeing a soul 我们能连着好几天看不见一个人 ㉛ (have as content) 内容是 nèiróng shì as the saying goes 常言道 the story/rumour goes that ... 据说/有传言说… his theory goes something like this 他的理论大致是这样的 I can't remember how the next line of the poem goes 我想不起这首诗的下一行是什么了 ㉜ Music被演唱 bèi yǎnchàng how does the song go? 这首歌是怎么唱的？ ㉝ (contribute) 起作用 qǐ zuòyòng everything that goes to make a good teacher/school 成为好教师/好学校的一切条件 ㉞ (put oneself through) to go to great expense/trouble 花费很多钱/很大工夫 huāfèi hěn duō qián/hěn dà gōngfu ㉟ (resort, have recourse) 诉诸 sù zhū to go to war «country» 开战 to go to the relevant authority 诉诸有关当局 to go to law British or the law American 诉诸法律 to go to the country British Politics进行大选 ㊱ (change to become) 变为 biànwéi to go vegetarian 变成素食者 to go metric 实行公制 the constituency went Conservative 这个选区的选民转而支持保守党 ㊲ (be, remain) 保持 bǎochí to go unnoticed/unpunished 未被察觉/惩罚 most of the population went hungry 大多数人挨饿 criminals were allowed to go free 犯人们被释放了 to go easy on [somebody] 宽容地对待某人 ㊳ (belong) 应放置 yīng fàngzhì (be placed) 被放置 bèi fàngzhì this goes under a different heading 这个应放在其他标题下 the suitcases will have to go in the back 这些手提箱只能放在后面 ㊴ (be on offer) 可供应 kě gōngyìng to be going «item for sale» 能买到 «job» 可得到 kě dédào I'll have whatever's going 有什么我就吃什么 there's a job going at the London office 伦敦办事处有一份工作空缺 ㊵ colloquial(urinate, defecate) 上厕所 shang cèsuǒ I need to go (really badly) 我（憋不住）要上厕所了 ㊶ (be accepted) 被接受 bèi jiēshòu what I say, goes! 凡是我说的都得照办！ anything goes these days 如今无奇不有 it goes without saying that ... 不用说… ㊷ euphemistic(die) 去世 qùshì after I go 我走了之后 B. transitive verb(3rd person singular present goes, past tense went, past participle gone) ① (travel) 走过 zǒuguo ‹distance›; 沿着 yánzhe ‹route›we had gone only 3 km 我们只走了3公里 are you going my way? 你和我同路吗？ to go one's own way figurative我行我素 ② colloquial(say) 说 shuō (make sound) 出声 chūshēng so he goes, ‘what about my money?’ 于是他说：“我的钱呢？” the cat went miaow 猫喵了一声 ③ (bet, bid) 出 chū ‹suit›; 下…的赌注 xià… de dǔzhù ‹sum of money›I'm going £10 on the red 我给红方押10英镑 he went three spades 他出了3张黑桃 ④ (proceed) to go it British colloquial干得起劲 gàn de qǐjìn to go it alone 独自行动 dúzì xíngdòng C. noun(plural goes) ① Uncountable British (energy) 精力 jīnglì to be full of go, to be all go 精力充沛 she has no go in her 她没有热情 ② Countable British (turn) 轮 lún it's your go now 轮到你了 ③ Countable British (try) 尝试 chángshì to have a go at [something] 尝试做某事 someone has had a go at this lock 有人鼓捣过这把锁 to have a go at [somebody] (criticize) 批评某人 (try to annoy) 招惹某人 to have a go on [something] 试一下某物 ④ Countable(spell of action) 一阵行动 yīzhèn xíngdòng at one or a go, in one go 一下子 to do [something] in two goes 分两次做某事 ⑤ Uncountable and countable(success) 成功 chénggōng to make a go of [something] 在某事上取得成功 ⑥ Uncountablecolloquial dated(fashion) to be all the go 十分流行 shífēn liúxíng ⑦ Uncountableon the go (busy) 忙碌 mánglù (active) 在进行 zài jìnxíng to keep [somebody] on the go 让某人忙个不停 ràng mǒu rén máng gè bù tíng PHRASAL VERBS go about A. [go about something] transitive verb ① (undertake) 着手处理 zhuóshǒu chǔlǐ how do you go about losing weight? 你是如何开始减肥的？ ② (be busy with) 忙于 mángyú I'm just going about my business 我正忙着我的事呢 ③ (move round) 四处走动 sìchù zǒudòng he goes about town in a Rolls 他开着一辆劳斯莱斯到处转 B. intransitive verb ① (associate) 交往 jiāowǎng he's going about with an unpleasant set of people 他结交了一帮不三不四的人 she's going about with Paul now 她现在和保罗泡在一起 ② to go about doing [something] (make habit of) 习惯于做某事 xíguàn yú zuò mǒu shì he goes about boasting about his new job 他总是吹嘘他的新工作 ③ (circulate) 散布 sànbù he caught a bug that's going about 他染上了一种流行传染病 there's a story going about that ... 有传言说… ④ Nautical改变航程 gǎibiàn hángchéng go across A. transitive verb[go across something] 穿过 chuānguo to go across the street/river 穿过街道/过河 B. intransitive verb 穿过 chuānguo she went across to Mrs Brown's 她去了路对面布朗太太家 go after transitive verb[to go after something/somebody] ① (chase) 追赶 zhuīgǎn ② (aim for) 追求 zhuīqiú he's really going after that job 他确实在谋求那份工作 go against transitive verb[go against something] ① (resist, oppose, conflict with) 违背 wéibèi it goes against my conscience 这有违我的良心 to go against the tide 逆潮流而动 ② (prove unfavourable to) 对…不利 duì… bùlì the vote/verdict went against him 投票/裁决对他不利 if fate goes against us 如果我们不走运 go ahead intransitive verb ① (go in front) 走在前面 zǒu zài qiánmian go ahead, I'll follow on 你先走，我随后就去 ② to go ahead of [somebody]/[something] (overtake) 领先某人/某物 lǐngxiān mǒu rén/mǒu wù Arsenal went ahead of their rivals 阿森纳队领先于对手 ③ (proceed) 开始进行 kāishǐ jìnxíng to go ahead (with [something]) 开始进行（某事） go ahead and shoot! 快开枪！ next week's strike is to go ahead 下个星期的罢工将照常进行 to go ahead with the plan 实行计划 ④ (progress) 继续进行 jìxù jìnxíng work is going ahead steadily 工作正在稳步开展 go along A. intransitive verb ① (go as companion) 一起去 yīqǐ qù he's asked me to go along (with him) 他请我（跟他）一起去 ② (move along) 沿某物向前移动 yán mǒu wù xiàng qián yídòng ③ figurative(progress) 进行 jìnxíng he's making it up as he goes along 他现编现讲 B. transitive verb[go along something] (move along) 沿…向前移动 yán… xiàng qián yídòng to go along the road 沿马路向前走 go along with transitive verb[go along with something/somebody] ① (obey) 服从 fúcóng I didn't agree, but I went along with her wishes 我没有同意，但我顺从了她的愿望 ② (agree with) 赞同 zàntóng I can't go along with that 那件事我不能同意 go around intransitive verb,transitive verb especially American = go round go at transitive verb[go at something/somebody] ① (set to work on) 开始处理 kāishǐ chǔlǐ you're going at it the wrong way 你的方法错了 ② (attack) 攻击 gōngjī the dog went at the postman 那只狗扑向邮递员 ③ (eat greedily) 贪婪地吃 tānlán de chī ④ (play, do energetically) 卖力干 màilì gàn ⑤ (be sold at) 以…的价格出售 yǐ… de jiàgé chūshòu go away intransitive verb ① (leave) 离开 líkāi go away and leave me alone! 走开，别烦我！ don't go away thinking or with the idea that ... 别以为… to go away (on holiday British or vacation American)去度假 ② (disappear) «problem» 消失 xiāoshī go back intransitive verb ① (return, turn back) 返回 fǎnhuí they went back home 他们回家了 she won't go back to her husband 她不肯回到她丈夫身边 to go back on one's steps 顺原路返回 to go back on one's word 食言 this dress will have to go back 这件连衣裙得退回去 to go back to the beginning 回到开始 once you've committed yourself, there's no going back 你一旦作出承诺就不能反悔 ② (extend backwards) 向后延伸 xiàng hòu yánshēn the cave goes back 300 metres 这个洞进深300米 ③ to go back to [something]/doing [something](revert) 恢复某事物/做某事 huīfù mǒu shìwù/ zuò mǒu shì to go back to sleep 再入睡 to go back to the old system/one's former habits 恢复旧制度/先前的习惯 to go back to teaching 重新执教 ④ (look back in time) 回忆 huíyì my memory doesn't go so far back/back that far 我记不起那么久远的事情 to understand the problem we must go back fifty years 要弄清这个问题，我们必须回到50年以前 ⑤ (have history tracing back to) 追溯 zhuīsù the family goes back to the Norman Conquest 这个家族可追溯到诺曼征服时期 we go back a long way 我们认识很久了 go before A. transitive verb[go before somebody/something] ① (go in front of) 到…前面 dào… qiánmian the trumpeters went before the procession 号手们走在队列前面 ② Law, Politics «accused person» 到…前 dào… qián ‹court›; «case» 提交给 tíjiāo gěi the bill went before parliament 这项议案提交给了议会 ③ (live earlier than) 在世时间早于 zàishì shíjiān zǎo yú B. intransitive verb ① (happen earlier) 先发生 xiān fāshēng all that has gone before 先前发生的一切 ② literary(go in front) 走到前面 zǒudào qiánmian he went before to warn them 他走上前去向他们提出警告 go below intransitive verb Nautical到下层甲板 dào xiàcéng jiǎbǎn go by A. intransitive verb ① (elapse, pass) 过去 guòqu as time goes by 随着时间流逝 ② (move by) «person» 走过 zǒuguo ; «vehicle» 驶过 shǐguo ③ (be lost) «opportunity, chance» 错失 cuòshī B. transitive verb[go by something/somebody] ① (obey, proceed by) 按照 ànzhào to go by the position of the sun 按照太阳的位置 promotion goes by seniority 按照资历晋升 ② (be lost to) 被…错过 bèi… cuòguò the opportunity went right by her 机会和她擦肩而过 ③ (judge by) 以…判断 yǐ… pànduàn to go by appearances 凭外表判断 going by her looks, she's under 20 从她的外表来看，她不到20岁 if the trailer is anything to go by, it should be a good film 如果预告片可信，这应该是部好电影 ④ (be called by) 被叫做 bèi jiàozuò to go by another name 叫另一个名字 go down A. intransitive verb ① (descend) «person» 下楼 xiàlóu ; «vehicle» 下行 xiàxíng ; «road» 向下延伸 xiàng xià yánshēn ‘going down!’ “下行！” ② (fall) «person, animal, building» 倒下 dǎoxia ; «aircraft» 坠落 zhuìluò ③ (set) «sun, moon» 落下 luòxia when the sun went down on the Roman Empire 当罗马帝国最终灭亡时 ④ (sink) 沉没 chénmò most of the passengers went down with the ship 大多数乘客随船一起沉到水下 ⑤ (lessen) «tide» 退下 tuixia ; «sea» 退潮 tuìcháo ; «water level, temperature» 下降 xiàjiàng when the floods go down 当洪水落下时 his fever is going down 他正在退烧 ⑥ (lower body) 俯身 fǔshēn to go down on all fours «person, animal» 趴下 ⑦ (be swallowed) «food» 被吞下 bèi tūnxia ; «drink» 被喝下 bèi hēxia it went down the wrong way 它咽到气管里了 ⑧ to go down to [something] (continue) 继续下去到某处 jìxù xiàqù dào mǒu chù if you go down to the bottom of the page you will see that ... 如果你读到这一页的最下面你会看到… the championship went down to the last race 直到最后一项比赛才决出冠军 ⑨ (extend) «area of land, building» 向前延伸 xiàng qián yánshēn ; «garment» 垂下 chuíxia the skirt goes down to the ankles 这条裙子长及脚踝 ⑩ (deflate) «tyre, balloon» 瘪下去 biě xiaqu ⑪ (get less swollen) «swelling» 消退 xiāotuì ; «ankle, knee» 消肿 xiāozhǒng ⑫ (reduce in value, size, price) «standard, quality, price» 下降 xiàjiàng ; «commodity» 降价 jiàngjià ; «food» 变差 biànchà ; «shares, fund, value» 贬值 biǎnzhí ; «amount, number» 减少 jiǎnshǎo ; «weight» 降低 jiàngdī she's gone down in my estimation 我对她的看法不如以前了 the picture has gone down in value 那幅画贬值了 our readership has gone down 我们的读者减少了 I went down to 100 lbs 我的体重降到了100磅 ⑬ (be downgraded) 降级 jiàngjí the team went down to the second division 这支队降到了乙级 to go down a class School降一级 ⑭ (be defeated) «competitor, team» 被击败 bèi jībài Spain went down to Holland 2-1 西班牙队以1:2输给了荷兰队 at least they went down fighting 至少他们是战败的 ⑮ (go south) «person, vehicle» 南下 nánxià ; «road» 向南延伸 xiàng nán yánshēn we went down to Marseilles from Paris 我们从巴黎南下到了马赛 ⑯ (go from capital) 离开首都 líkāi shǒudū (go from centre) 离开中心地区 líkāi zhōngxīn dìqū to go down to the country/the sea 去乡下/海边 to go down from London 离开伦敦 ⑰ British colloquial(leave university) 离校 lí xiào [尤指离开牛津或剑桥]he went down (from Oxford) in 1985 他于1985年（自牛津）大学毕业 ⑱ British colloquial(go to prison) 进监狱 jìn jiānyù ⑲ (be remembered) 被记住 bèi jìzhù he will go down as a great statesman 他作为一个伟大的政治家将名垂青史 ⑳ (be recorded) 被记录 bèi jìlù it all goes down in his diary 这都记在他的日记里 ㉑ (be received) 被接受 bèi jiēshòu to go down well/badly 受到/不受欢迎 ㉒ Theatre «curtain» 落下 luòxia ㉓ Computing «computer, system» 暂停运行 zàntíng yùnxíng ㉔ colloquial(happen) 发生 fāshēng I knew something was going down 我早知道有事会发生 B. transitive verb[go down something] ① (move down) 下行 xiàxíng the car was going down the hill 汽车正沿山坡下行 a shiver went down my spine 我背上一阵发冷 ② (go to) 前去 qiánqù she's gone down the shops 她去了商店 go down on transitive verb[go down on somebody] taboo slang对…口交 duì… kǒujiāo go down with transitive verb[go down with something] 患…病 huàn… bìng to go down with flu/a cold 患流感/感冒 go for transitive verb[go for somebody/something] ① (attack physically) 袭击 xíjī (attack verbally) 抨击 pēngjī the two youths went for him 那两个年轻人揍了他 go for him, boy! (to dog) 去咬他，小家伙！ his wife really went for him 他妻子狠狠地数落了他 ② (like) 喜欢 xǐhuan he doesn't go for modern art much 他不太喜欢现代艺术 ③ (choose) 选择 xuǎnzé designers have gone for a romantic look this year 设计师们今年选择了浪漫的风格 ④ (attempt to achieve) 争取 zhēngqǔ to go for gold/the world record 争取得金牌/打破世界记录 the company is going for a new image 公司正努力改变形象 go for it! colloquial努力争取吧！ ⑤ (apply to) 适用于 shìyòng yú the same goes for Poland too 波兰也是如此 that goes for me too (applies to me) 我也一样 colloquial(I agree) 我同意 wǒ tóngyì ⑥ (be sold at) 以…的价格出售 yǐ… de jiàgé chūshòu the house went for over £450,000 这房子售价超过45万英镑 ⑦ to have something/everything going for one (being favourable to) 有某些/一切有利条件 yǒu mǒu xiē/yīqiè yǒulì tiáojiàn he's got a lot going for him 他有很多优势 tā yǒu hěn duō yōushì go forth intransitive verbliterary ① (go out) 出发 chūfā (go onwards) 前进 qiánjìn go forth and multiply (biblical command) 去繁衍生息吧 ② (be issued) «order, command» 被传达 bèi chuándá go forward intransitive verb ① (advance) 行进 xíngjìn ② (progress) 取得进展 qǔdé jìnzhǎn to go forward to the final 进入决赛 ③ (proceed) to go forward with [something] 开始某事 kāishǐ mǒu shì to go forward with construction work 开始施工 kāishǐ shīgōng go in A. intransitive verb ① (enter, attend) 进入 jìnrù I don't have to go in (to work) today 我今天不必去上班 ② (fit) «key, pin, box» 放得进 fàngdejìn listen carefully: I want this to go in figurative仔细听着：我要你明白这个 ③ (go behind cloud) «sun, moon» 躲进云层 duǒjìn yúncéng ④ Military, Police发动进攻 fādòng jìngōng the police went in to break up the demonstration 警察冲进来驱散示威群众 B. transitive verb[go in something] ① (enter) 进入 jìnrù ‹building, shop›② (fit in) «key, pin, box» 放得进 fàngdejìn the box was too big to go in the cupboard 这箱子太大，放不进橱柜里 go in for transitive verb[go in for something] ① (be keen on) 热衷于 rèzhōng yú he goes in for opera in a big way 他非常喜欢歌剧 ② British (enter for) 参加 cānjiā ‹competition, test›go into transitive verb[go into something] ① (enter place) 进入 jìnrù to go into hospital 住院 ② (enter state) 进入…状态 jìnrù… zhuàngtài to go into a coma/deep sleep 昏迷/陷入沉睡 ③ (fit inside) 能放进 néng fàngjìn will this go into the bag? 这个能放进包里吗？ ④ Mathematics能除尽 néng chújìn 6 goes into 18 three times 6除18得3 ⑤ (hit) 撞上 zhuàngshang we went into a lamp post 我们撞了一根灯柱 ⑥ (examine, investigate) 调查 diàochá to go into a question/case 研究问题/调查案件 ⑦ (explain) 解释 jiěshì I won't go into why I did it 我不会解释我的动机的 ⑧ (launch into, begin to do) 开始 kāishǐ to go into a long explanation 开始长篇大论地解释 the car went into a skid 汽车开始打滑 ⑨ (be expended on) 花费在…上 huāfèi zài… shang after all the money/work that has gone into this 在这上面投入了这么多钱/做了这么多工作之后 ⑩ Publishing以…形式出版 yǐ… xíngshì chūbǎn to go into paperback/its tenth edition 以简装本出版/出到第10版 go off A. intransitive verb ① (depart) 离开 líkāi he went off to work 他去上班了 the goalkeeper had to go off 守门员不得不退场 ② (be fired) «gun» 开火 kāihuǒ ③ (explode) «bomb» 爆炸 bàozhà ④ (sound) «alarm» 响起 xiǎngqǐ ⑤ (leave work) 下班 xiàbān ⑥ Theatre(leave stage) 下场 xiàchǎng ⑦ British (go bad) «food, drink» 变质 biànzhì the wine/milk went off 葡萄酒坏了/牛奶馊了 ⑧ (cease to operate) 停止运作 tíngzhǐ yùnzuò the power/light went off 停电了/熄灯了 ⑨ (fall asleep) 入睡 rùshuì ⑩ (deteriorate) 变坏 biànhuài the flowers are going off now 这些花蔫了 ⑪ (grow less intense) 减轻 jiǎnqīng the pain is going off a bit 疼痛有所缓解 ⑫ (happen, take place) 进行 jìnxíng the concert went off very well 音乐会办得很成功 ⑬ (enter state) to go off into [something] 进入某种状态 jìnrù mǒu zhǒng zhuàngtài she went off into a trance 她陷入昏睡 tā xiànrù hūnshuì ⑭ (launch into) to go off into [something] 开始某事 kāishǐ mǒu shì she went off into a monologue 她开始长篇大论 tā kāishǐ cháng piān dà lùn B. transitive verb[go off somebody/something] British colloquial开始厌烦 kāishǐ yànfán to go off one's boyfriend 不再喜欢自己的男友 go off with transitive verb ① [go off with something] (take away) 擅自拿走 shànzì názǒu he's gone off with my keys 他顺手牵羊拿走了我的钥匙 she went off with all his money 她卷走了他所有的钱 ② [go off with somebody] (leave with) 与…私奔 yǔ… sībēn he's gone off with my wife 他和我老婆私奔了 go on A. intransitive verb ① (continue onwards) 继续行进 jìxù xíngjìn you go on, we'll follow 你先走，我们随后 after stopping at Carlisle, this train goes on to Glasgow 在卡莱尔停靠之后，这趟列车接着开往格拉斯哥 ② (happen, take place) 发生 fāshēng what's going on here? 这里发生什么事了？ ③ (continue) 继续 jìxù we can't go on like this 我们不能这样继续下去 go on, we're listening 接着说，我们听着呢 the meeting went on into the afternoon 会一直开到下午 as the evening went on, he became more animated 夜渐深，他越发活跃了 go on, have a sherry! 来，喝杯雪利酒！ go on (with you)! colloquial去你的吧！ it went on raining 雨不停地下着 ④ to go on to [something]/to do [something] (proceed to do) 继而做某事 jì'ér zuò mǒu shì to go on to the next item 接着处理下一项 jiēzhe chǔlǐ xià yī xiàng she went on to explain that ... 她随后解释说… tā suíhòu jiěshì shuō… ⑤ (progress) 取得进展 qǔdé jìnzhǎn how's the patient/business going on? 病人/生意怎么样了？ ⑥ to be going on (for) [something] (be approaching) 接近某物 jiējìn mǒu wù it's going on for 5 o'clock 快5点了 kuài 5 diǎn le he's thirty, going on thirty one 他30岁了，快到31 ⑦ (elapse) 过去 guòqu ⑧ colloquial(behave) 表现 biǎoxiàn to go on in a dreadful way 表现糟糕 ⑨ (manage) 维持 wéichí here's £50 to be going on with 眼下有50英镑可以将就 ⑩ (keep talking) 唠叨 láodao ‘you know,’she went on, ‘it's ridiculous’ “你知道，”她唠叨着说，“这很可笑” to go on and on 唠叨个没完 to go on at [somebody] 对某人叨扰 ⑪ Theatre, Sport «actor, substitute» 上场 shàngchǎng A went on (for B) in the second half A在下半场上场（替换了B） ⑫ (fit) «fitment, component» 安装上 ānzhuāng shang ; «garment» 穿上 chuānshang ; «piece of jewellery» 戴上 dàishang the ring won't go on 戒指戴不上 the top goes on like this 盖子是这样盖的 ⑬ (begin to operate) «machine» 开始运作 kāishǐ yùnzuò the heating goes on at 6 o'clock 6点钟开始供暖 B. transitive verb[go on something] ① (fit) «fitment, component» 安装到…上 ānzhuāng dào… shang ; «garment» 穿到…上 chuāndào… shang ; «piece of jewellery» 戴到…上 dàidào… shang ② (judge by) 依…判断 yī… pànduàn the police had no clues to go on 警方没有线索可循 ③ (take part in) 参加 cānjiā she's gone on a training course 她报名上了一门培训课 ④ (undertake) 开始 kāishǐ to go on a training regime 开始常规训练 ⑤ (be spent on) 花费在…上 huāfèi zài… shang most of his money goes on drink 他的钱大部分都花在喝酒上了 ⑥ to be gone on [something] colloquial(like) 喜欢某物 xǐhuan mǒu wù I'm really gone on that new car of his 我真的喜欢他那辆新车 ⑦ (ride on) 乘坐 chéngzuò to go on the swing 荡秋千 ⑧ (be fuelled by) 以…为燃料 yǐ… wéi ránliào to go on petrol/diesel 以汽油/柴油为燃料 C. going on (for) preposition phrase 将近 jiāngjìn it'll cost going on (for) £70 它要花将近70英镑 go on to transitive verb[go on to something] «component, lid» 安装到…上 ānzhuāng dào… shang ; «garment» 适合…穿 shìhé… chuān ; «piece of jewellery» 适合…戴 shìhé… dài the ring won't go on to the right finger 戒指没法戴到该戴的手指上 go out intransitive verb ① (go outside, leave) 出门 chūmén (for specific purpose) 外出做事 wàichū zuòshì (socially) 出门交际 chūmén jiāojì to go out for a walk 出去散步 she likes going out 她喜欢外出参加社交活动 to go out to the shops 去商店 to go out riding/shopping 外出骑马/购物 ② to go out to somewhere (travel long distance) 到某地长途旅行 (travel to emigrate) 移居国外某地 yíjū guówài mǒu dì they went out to Nigeria 他们去尼日利亚了 ③ (be sent out, published, broadcast) «information» 发布 fābù ; «summons, invitation» 发出 fāchū ; «publication» 发表 fābiǎo ; «TV, radio programme» 播放 bōfàng the magazine goes out to all our subscribers 这份杂志分发给我们所有的订阅者 the news/word went out that ... 有消息说/据说… a warrant has gone out for her arrest 已对她发出逮捕令 the programme is going out live 这个节目正在现场直播 ④ to go out with [somebody] (have relationship with) 与某人约会 yǔ mǒu rén yuēhuì he's been going out with Jane 他一直在和简约会 they started to go out together 他们开始相恋 tāmen kāishǐ xiāngliàn ⑤ to go out to [somebody] (be offered) «sympathy, compassion» 表露给某人 biǎolù gěi mǒu rén my heart went out to him in his sorrow 他伤心时我很同情他 all our sympathy goes out to you 我们非常同情你 wǒmen fēicháng tóngqíng nǐ ⑥ (recede) «tide» 退潮 tuìcháo ⑦ (be extinguished) «light, fire, cigarette» 熄灭 xīmiè I went out like a light 我立刻睡着了 ⑧ (become unfashionable) «fashion, activity» 过时 guòshí ankle-length skirts went out two years ago 长及脚踝的裙子两年前就不时兴了 ⑨ (be discontinued) «custom, institution» 消失 xiāoshī gas lighting went out and was replaced by electricity 煤气照明被电力取代，不再使用了 go out of transitive verb[go out of something] ① (leave) 从…中出来 cóng… zhōng chūlai the cat went out of the door 猫从门出去了 all my hopes went out of the window 我的希望全破灭了 ② (disappear from) 从…中消失 cóng… zhōng xiāoshī all the spirit seemed to have gone out of her 她似乎丧失了一切斗志 the romance had gone out of their relationship 他们之间已经没有爱情了 go over A. intransitive verb ① (cross over) 穿过去 chuān guoqu he went over and asked her 他走过去问她 a plane went over 一架飞机从上空飞过 ② (overturn) 倾覆 qīngfù the car hit the kerb and went right over 汽车撞在路缘上一下子翻了 ③ (be received) 受欢迎 shòu huānyíng his speech went over well 他的演讲很受欢迎 to go over big colloquial很成功 B. transitive verb[go over something] ① (visit, tour) 参观 cānguān we went over the house with our hosts/the estate agent 我们随主人/房地产经纪人看了房子 there's no point in going over old ground 没有必要旧事重提 ② (check, inspect) 检查 jiǎnchá ‹report, accounts›③ (review) 回顾 huígù to go over the explanation again 再解释一遍 she went over the events of the day in her mind 她把白天发生的事在脑子里过了一遍 to go over one's lines 复习台词 ④ (clean) 打扫 dǎsǎo I went over the carpet with the vacuum cleaner 我用吸尘器清理了地毯 ⑤ (spend more than) 超出 chāochū don't go over £40 不要超过40英镑 ⑥ (retrace) 润饰 rùnshì he went over the drawing in ink 他用墨水把图描画了一遍 go over to transitive verb[go over to somebody/something] ① (cross over to, travel to) 向…走过去 xiàng… zǒu guoqu she went over to him/the window 她走到他身边/窗户前 the ferry goes over to Calais twice a day 渡船每天去加来两次 to go over to Washington for the latest news 切换到华盛顿看最新消息 ② (desert to) 转投 zhuǎntóu he went over to the Conservatives/the enemy 他转向了保守党一边/投靠了敌人 ③ (switch to) 转变到 zhuǎnbiàn dào ‹system, function›they've gone over to gas central heating 他们已改用煤气中央供暖系统 the factory went over to making doughnuts 这家工厂改做甜甜圈了 go round A. intransitive verb ① (spin) «wheel, propeller» 转动 zhuàndòng the tape was still going round 磁带还在转 ② (move about) 到处走动 dàochù zǒudòng to go round barefoot 光着脚到处跑 ③ (suffice) 足够分发 zúgòu fēnfā there aren't enough books/there isn't enough food to go round 书/食物不够分 ④ (make detour) 绕道 ràodào to go a/the long way round 绕行很长的/这条很长的路 we went round via Manchester 我们绕道曼切斯特 ⑤ (call round) 去拜访 qù bàifǎng to go round to or and see [somebody] 去看望某人 we went round to Jim's house 我们去吉姆家了 ⑥ (associate) 经常在一起 jīngcháng zài yīqǐ he's going round with a bad bunch 他和一帮坏人混在一起 she's going round with Paul now 她正在和保罗谈恋爱 ⑦ to go round doing [something] pejorative(make habit of) 习惯于做某事 xíguàn yú zuò mǒu shì he goes round boasting about his new job 他总是吹嘘他的新工作 ⑧ (circulate) 散布 sànbù he caught a bug that's going round 他染上了一种流行传染病 there's a story going round that ... 有传言说… B. transitive verb[go round somebody/something] ① (encircle) 围绕 wéirào the belt wouldn't go round me 这皮带的长度还不及我的腰围 the rope went round the tree twice 绳子绕树两圈 ② (move about) 在…到处走动 zài… dàochù zǒudòng he went round several companies trying to sell the idea 他到几家公司游说他的想法 ③ (turn) 绕过 ràoguo ‹corner, obstacle›the car went round the roundabout the wrong way 那辆车在环岛处拐错了方向 go through A. intransitive verb ① (move or travel through) 通过 tōngguò please go (on) through 请进去吧 ② (be successfully completed) «deal, transaction» 达成 dáchéng ③ (progress) 往下进行 wǎng xià jìnxíng they need only a draw to go through 他们只需要打成平局就能进入下一轮比赛 ④ Law, Politics(be approved) 获得通过 huòdé tōngguò the bill failed to go through 法案没有通过 B. transitive verb[go through something] ① (move or travel through) 通过 tōngguò to go through the gate/tunnel 穿过大门/隧道 to go through the switchboard/the right authorities 经过交换台/通过正当的官方 the table won't go through the door 桌子没法通过这道门 it went through my mind that ... 我想起… ② (search) 查遍 chábiàn ‹files›; 搜遍 sōubiàn ‹suitcase, drawer, possessions›to go through one's pockets/handbag 翻遍口袋/手提包 ③ (inspect, check) 仔细检查 zǐxì jiǎnchá ‹document, essay, mail›; 仔细讲解 zǐxì jiǎngjiě ‹text›let's go through the points one by one 我们把这几点逐一研究一下吧 ④ (read out, specify) 一一读出 yīyī dúchū to go through the register/list of names 点名 please go through exactly what's needed 请一一报出所需要的东西 ⑤ (undergo) 经历 jīnglì ‹difficulties, war, period of time›; 经受 jīngshòu ‹test, interview›he went through several operations 他做过几次手术 we've all gone through difficult times 我们全都经历过艰难时刻 after all he's gone through 在他经历过这一切之后 he went through the day in a haze 他迷迷糊糊地度过了一天 ⑥ (perform, accomplish) 完成 wánchéng he went through the day's work in a couple of hours 他用了几个小时便做完了白天的工作 to go through the formalities 办手续 ⑦ (rehearse) 排练 páiliàn let's go through the whole scene once more 我们把这一场再排练一遍 ⑧ (progress through) 经过 jīngguò ‹draft›the plan went through several stages 计划经过了几个阶段 this book has already gone through 13 editions 这本书已经连续出了13版 ⑨ (consume, use up) 用完 yòngwán we went through four bottles of wine 我们喝了4瓶葡萄酒 he has gone through four cars/secretaries humorous他开坏了4辆汽车/用过4个秘书 ⑩ (make hole in) 磨破 mópò ⑪ Law, Politics(be approved) 在…获得通过 zài… huòdé tōngguò the bill is going through the upper house 议案正在上院审议 go through with transitive verb[go through with something] 努力完成 nǔlì wánchéng they went through with their marriage for appearances' sake 他们为了面子操办了婚礼 go together intransitive verb ① (harmonize, be compatible) «furnishings» 协调 xiétiáo ; «clothes, people» 相配 xiāngpèi these colours don't really go together 这些颜色不十分搭配 lamb and mint sauce go well together 羊肉和薄荷汁很对味 ② (co-exist) 共存 gòngcún poverty and crime often go together 贫穷和犯罪往往相伴而生 go towards transitive verb[go towards something] 作为…的部分款项 zuòwéi… de bùfen kuǎnxiàng the money will go towards a new car 这笔钱将用于购买新车 go under A. intransitive verb ① (sink, submerge) «ship» 沉没 chénmò ; «person» 沉入水中 chénrù shuǐ zhōng ② (fail) 失败 shībài his business finally went under 他的公司最终倒闭了 B. transitive verb[go under something] 叫做 jiàozuò he goes under the name of Brown 他名叫布朗 go up A. intransitive verb ① (ascend) 上去 shàngqu the children went up to bed 孩子们上床了 ‘going up!’ “上行！” to go up in the world (in status) 飞黄腾达 (in wealth) 发迹 ② (rise up) 升起 shēngqǐ a cloud of dust went up as they rode past 他们骑车经过时带起了一股灰尘 ③ (continue) to go up to [something] «account, book» 延续到… yánxù dào… the series goes up to 1990 这个系列写到1990年 I went up to £100 but I didn't get it (at auction) 我出价到100英镑，但没把它拍到手 ④ (extend upwards) 向上延伸 xiàng shàng yánshēn (extend along) 向前延伸 xiàng qián yánshēn the road goes up as far as the summit 这条路向上通往山顶 the socks went up to his knees 这双袜子长及他的膝部 ⑤ (be erected or installed) «building» 被建造 bèi jiànzào ; «poster» 被张贴 bèi zhāngtiē ; «flag» 升起 shēngqǐ new office blocks are going up 正在兴建新办公大楼 ⑥ (increase) 增长 zēngzhǎng the house went up in value 这所房子升值了 our membership has gone up 我们的会员增加了 ⑦ (be upgraded) 升级 shēngjí the team went up to the first division 这支队升到了甲级 to go up a class School升一级 ⑧ (improve) 提高 tígāo standards are going up 标准正在提高 he's gone up in my estimation 我对他的看法比以前好了 ⑨ (go north) 北上 běishàng they've gone up to Scotland 他们北上苏格兰了 ⑩ (go to capital) 前往首都 qiánwǎng shǒudū (go to centre) 前往中心 qiánwǎng zhōngxīn to go up to London 上伦敦去 ⑪ (be destroyed by explosion) 被炸毁 bèi zhàhuǐ (be destroyed by fire) 被烧毁 bèi shāohuǐ the house went up in flames/smoke 那所房子火光熊熊/烟雾腾腾 ⑫ British colloquial(start university) 上大学 shang dàxué (start term) 开学 kāixué ⑬ (be emitted) «noise» 爆发 bàofā cheers/a shout went up from the crowd 人群中爆发出欢呼声/喊叫声 ⑭ (approach) 走近 zǒujìn ‹place, person›I went up to the bar 我走到酒吧柜台 he went up to Lewis and punched him 他走近刘易斯，打了他一拳 B. transitive verb[go up something] ① (ascend) 上到 shangdào ‹mountain, hill›② (go along) 沿…前行 yán… qiánxíng she's just gone up the street 她刚刚沿街道走过去 go with A. [go with something] transitive verb ① (be compatible with) 与…相配 yǔ… xiāngpèi white wine goes with fish better than red wine 白葡萄酒配鱼要比红葡萄酒更对味 ② (accompany) 与…并存 yǔ… bìngcún responsibility goes with motherhood 为人母亲即意味着责任 the house goes with the job 做这份工作能享用这所房子 ③ (follow) 顺应 shùnyìng to go with the times/the crowd 合乎时代/随大溜 B. [go with somebody] transitive verb ① (accompany) 与…一起 yǔ… yīqǐ ② colloquial(spend time with) 和…相好 hé… xiānghǎo go without A. transitive verb[go without something] 没有…而勉强应付 méiyǒu… ér miǎnqiǎng yìngfù to go without food 挨饿 it goes without saying that ... 显而易见… B. intransitive verb 没有也行 méiyǒu yě xíng if you can't afford lunch, you'll have to go without 如果你买不起午饭，就只好将就着不吃了